
> this is a very old way
of doing things where you have a HTML and JavaScript defined ,
and you have to manually include all the JavaScript needed ,
and you have to make sure they are in the right order

## if the order changes , you will have a problem .

<hr>

<hr>


So JavaScript has a feature known as implied global .

So whenever you use a name in your code,
The interpreter walks the scope chain backward looking for

### a var statement for that name
and if none is found , the variable is assumed to be global ,
and that create a big problem .

## Because that makes code very hard to maintain ,
and to counter this tendercy of JavaScript that
everything is implied global ,
(这样不好)

### modules were invented and
there are different kind of patterns there.

One is called module pattern where an anonymous function is defined ,


and inside that anonymous function , you write your code.
So your variables are constrained to that anonymous function.

### Then there is a Common JS Pattern is there ,
AMD Pattern.



<hr>

<hr>


Common JS is mostly used on the server side with the node.
it loads the module synchronously.
### But it is not good for the broswer side,
So for that , the AMD modules were invented , where the modules were loaded asynchonously ,
and then there is a UMD module there.




<hr>

### Universal Module Definition.


where you want to use both the modules : Common JS , and AMD.


But none of these module patterns were inherently supported by JavaScript.


> So this is all the Hack ( we build around to counter the tendercy of JavaScript  -
that Everything is implied global  )

But this all changes from ECMAScript 6 , which is called ES6 module , where the modules inherently supported by JavaScript.



And what is great about ES6 module , relative to Common JS and AMD,
is that it gets the best of both words .

## It is very compact, and the syntax is very declative and simple ,
And the modules are loaded asynchronously.
And it has an added benefit of supporting
#### (  having a better support for cyclic dependencies  ).




















